Update testing docs with x86 instructions (#48715)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/testing/libraries/testing.md

We use the OSS testing framework [xunit](http://xunit.github.io/).

> To build the tests and run them you can call the libraries build script. **For every architecture it's mandatory to build a runtime (clr or mono)** even if you want to run libs tests only.

Reviewer: sounds a bit scary!
```suggestion
To build the tests and run them you can call the libraries build script. For libraries tests to work, you must have built the coreclr or mono runtime for them to run on.
```

**Examples**
- The following shows how to build only the tests but not run them:
```
build.cmd/sh -subset libs.tests
```

- The following builds and runs all tests using clr:
```
build.cmd/sh -subset clr+libs.tests -test
```

- The following builds and runs all tests using mono:
```
build.cmd/sh -subset mono+libs.tests -test
```

- The following builds and runs all tests in release configuration:
```
build.cmd/sh -subset libs.tests -test -c Release
```

- The following builds clr in release, libs in debug and runs all tests:
```

> build.cmd/sh -subset clr+libs.tests -test -rc Release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
build.cmd/sh -subset clr+libs+libs.tests -test -rc Release
```

```

- The following builds mono and libs for x86 architecture and runs all tests:
```

> build.cmd/sh -subset mono+libs.tests -test -arch x86

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build.cmd/sh -subset mono+libs+libs.tests -test -arch x86
```
?

Reviewer: is the 95% case passing `-rc Release` here?

We use the OSS testing framework [xunit](http://xunit.github.io/).

To build the tests and run them you can call the libraries build script. **For every architecture it's mandatory to build a runtime (clr or mono)** even if you want to run libs tests only.

**Examples**
- The following shows how to build only the tests but not run them:
```
build.cmd/sh -subset libs.tests
```

- The following builds and runs all tests using clr:
```
build.cmd/sh -subset clr+libs.tests -test
```

- The following builds and runs all tests using mono:
```
build.cmd/sh -subset mono+libs.tests -test
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Ideally this would be true but I don't think it is today. The built runtime assets aren't automatically binplaced into the libraries testhost folder and instead are pulled in when the libs.pretest subset is invoked.

Reviewer 3: Did you mean to specify: `clr+libs+libs.tests`?

Author: @ViktorHofer so the command should be:

```diff
+ build.cmd/sh -subset clr+libs.pretest
- build.cmd/sh -subset clr+libs.tests -test
```

?

Reviewer 3: This would only be the command for incremental runtime builds, which I don't think we have documented anywhere (as it's complicated). I would just document the "fresh build" scenario which is: `build.cmd/sh clr+libs+libs.tests -test -rc Release`.

Reviewer 4: Resolved by @safern's suggestion.

build.cmd/sh -subset libs.tests -test -c Release
```

> - The following builds all tests for x86 architecture (**for x86 it's mandatory to build clr** even if you want to run libs tests only):

Reviewer 2: This statement applies for all architectures, is it worth adding an entry here? This might confuse people where they already built coreclr for x86, i.e running: `build.cmd clr+libs -rc Release -arch x86` that will build clr on release and libraries on Debug for x86.

Author: >  is it worth adding an entry here

Do you mean that building clr is mandatory to run libs tests on other architectures as well?

Since you are the expert here, you can just provide a GH suggestion and merge it to my branch and then just squash the PR.

Reviewer 5: note that you can also use mono instead of clr, the lines just need a runtime it doesn't matter which one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The following builds all tests for x86 architecture (**for any architecture it's mandatory to build a runtime (clr or mono)** even if you want to run libs tests only):
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can add a command for both runtimes. Something like:

To run tests using coreclr:
....

To run tests using mono:
....
